## Background
Internet video has generated the most traffic in recent years. According to the  2019 Global Internet Phenomena Report, it shows that video
accounts for over 60% of downstream traffic on the internet. In addition, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 this year, the entire world is 
relying on streaming more than ever. To understand the power of live streaming application and to investigate more about how it actually 
operates, we want to build one by ourselves by designing a complete system and simulating all the necessary functionalities of an 
interactive live streaming application. 
## Implementation Approach
For the frontend user interface, we use vue.js, which is a popular ui framework, and nuxt.js to boost development speed as well as enabling easy configuration on server side rendering. Two main roles are considered in our application, clients and live stream broadcaster. Clients are given access to the currently live streaming videos and the ability to chat in desired chat rooms. On the other hand, live stream broadcasters can obtain a key from the dataserver after successfully registering in the application. Then, they can follow the instructions listed on the “want live streaming” page and enter the upstream url and the previously obtained key to their video-capturing software such as OBS. In this project, we have two different servers deployed on Amazon EC2, data server and media server, each handling specific traffic. Data server is designed to provide authorization and chat room management, in the meanwhile, media server handles either downstream and upstream traffic corresponding to the request. We support two kinds of authorization for the clients, JWT and google Oauth2. Clients can choose either way to login to the streaming platform. For the transferring protocols, beside the HTTPS selected defaultly by AWS, RTMP and HTTP-FLV are used to deliver streaming data. RTMP is an ideal choice for upstream protocol as it has relatively low latency and can be distributed more easily. HTTP-flv refers to sending .flv container via HTTP protocol, which is easier to transverse firewall and is widely supported by more CDN services. 

